[Music]
a little thing that has given me a lot of
embarrassment Marina little embarrassment little
embarrassment
It turns out that this weekend the
socialite
showed one of those videos that they put together no and it
was a video comparing this program
that ibai has with what I've seen I've
seen it with sálvame that let's see it has
its similarities when I saw it
live because this is coming the little one I
say let's see yes because But in the end all of
us who put on a little show on
occasion have things in common
with other media and of course of course they
are entertainment techniques that are
used in the end no but it is
true that eating on the set in the
middle of live talk with your mouth full
yes the bomb thing Look for example you
tell me that you want to eat here
here that yes I tell you no
Well I was about to tell you that I wanted some
popcorn
but me For example I don't like to
eat I do
n't know live I'm talking you're
eating okay And now today the
sálvame guys take Carlos the kids when they
released that video  The other day social and
time as surrealism and as a joke
okay they
were putting some tweets but
in an ironic way making fun of themselves and all that no
[ __ ] well then I ask Rafa Mora Hey well
then I ask María Patiño [ __ ] well
this video I don't know what and they
took it literally or they don't understand
how they are Boomer they don't get the joke the
irony and and they are r that r behind ibai
who thinks that iba and is going to want to
collaborate with it the idea the idea of
salva melik is very serious from
sálvame we make a formal proposal of
twinning to the president ibai and Piqué
we want to get along be messy and
create things together not like they don't
need it No they don't need it,
these people are needed on the contrary they need it
look what they say
I would love to work with ibai
Llanos in fact Jorge
and I would like iba and he would stop
by here Hey maybe it would
pass me by I don't I don't I don't like to ask things
from anyone but maybe I'll tell him damn
when was it that what was  something that
happened here in Seville at the
youtuber camp recently I was going to go but
then those who were going weren't metal and I said
why would I go okay go for Betis and I
wrote to him I said I was going there you came
to Seville for this Betis thing and he
said No no I don't have a fever he didn't stay
I'll hold on Ah No because if you were
close I'd come closer with the microphone and I
ask you know four questions like a
report but you see it makes me
laugh a lot because he says no no I would
like it Of course of course
man and you know how good Where
is the business now And where is the
milk and apart from that he went and he has something
and I say this with all due respect in the world
but he knows that it is like that it is a criticism
that all his colleagues make of him he
really likes the do-gooderism he knows and he plays the
populist he gives a lot of
populist messages to look good I don't know what and
Jorge has been around for a few days now sucking up
to Ibai del palo Yes
because he went and I'm going to put it that here they
say it again now I'll tell you something
about this too and when he also has
brutal power a brutal influence  in
young people and when you make those
common sense speeches telling them
certain things related to
studies with family with friends
with the dangers of life nothing the
speakers have liked they almost vai it
is a Speed ​​that he made that is super
old but we can then I a
year two years ago Yes yes we can coyo rescued that it
was some Instagram stories of
ibai in which you write he was saying
when he started to earn really big money
Well I don't care if the
Treasury takes half from me I don't care I think it's
fine that they take half from me because I
earn a lot of money so of
course they have to take half from
me that more than the other half A lot of money
too It's like that is populism
generate if you want it donate it If you have
extra you donate it but saying that what you
generate makes any sense I mean since not
even what you generate Marina
because But look at us what we
generate stays more YouTube than
us but it
is life is life the
state that you defend that the state
takes half from you does not have any and
also  you don't need to charge what I charged for me to
take half off you, I'm telling you,
but look, I'll tell you one thing. Look at my
experience
because these people applaud me. I
mean one thing, Clara, you're
going to say that there are not enough likes. No, I'm not
very aware because I'm super
excited that you're with
us again and we and I assume that
people have blown it up. Like is not
worth it, hey, blow it up there because Mari's not
leaving us another week and such, everyone's
subscribing. Sorry, Marina. I'll tell you
this. I'll leave you. Yes, let's see, it was going to
be no secret that he has two
mansions with his work team,
cameramen, producers, editors, writers,
scriptwriters. He has another house where he has
a team of streamers who work for
great content for him, it seems
the most logical thing to me, and I suppose that it was
going to be there, he doesn't invoice as a freelancer, eh, I
imagine that the logical thing is to think that he was going to
invoice as a company, which is
like Jorge,
now I understand you. Look at
my experience with eBay, it was the next one
that you're going to direct, daughter. What do you have to
do with VAT and well, I eat  I'm in
all the messes look when God
when God no well directly no
because he never got to see but of course for
this reason two years ago the first
chimes when he presented them with Ramón
I work with Ramón in Castilla la
Mancha well he has his program and such
from En compañía and I collaborate since
morning okay so I
interviewed Ramón obviously because it was It was
like in the end uniting the
present and the past of communication
with the present and the future that does work And
then Ramón knew how to adapt very well
to the subject chimes in tweets Ramón
super excited and such and I tried tried
but come on you know being
aware of the unfeasibility of the
situation not to reach ibai and
Ramón already told me or rather I tried to hire with
the agency
impossible but yes with Ramón it was difficult for me
because on Twitch they put
limitations with four media the
reason the country La Vanguardia and two more
with ibai it was like Boom and this year the
same I mean it was like
Look I'll tell you something look at you
that Julián Contreras says
thank you very much when he did it to me  I'm what
he is, let's see, being new to this world
of YouTube, he told me, well, let's see if you
introduce me to Auron.
These people are very reluctant, the
traditional media no longer want to
know anything about it, and the media doesn't
usually treat him well. They don't usually treat us because they have
n't turned out that well for me either. Also,
what happens is that I am with
you but because of the subject matter, he understands me.
But for these people, forget it, I mean,
unless it's business stuff,
like, but it's not like, yeah, already attending, it's
not like, for example, you call
a Matamoros, you take it and call him or a
Bárbara Rey, no, no,
or a Tony Géminis, we can go to
his house. no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
auronplay hasn't given interviews, she's
only given to ibai and me,
she, she,
me because she promised me
many years ago and I know him very well, but no, no, no, no, no,
they're not for the media,
well, nothing, really pathetic. I
mean, look, and Adela over here, I mean, the
kid Didi Mario answers
my mother with irony.  she would be excited and Adela, well
tell her that we invited her and that she can take
pictures along the hall of fame, I don't
know, my goodness, my daughter, you're causing pity, they're
doing it with irony, don't act
stupid, in quotes, let's see, they're
trying to capture another type of
audience, but of course, obviously, let's see,
I understand because I understand that we
each love each other, Look for the potatoes and
such, but it seems to me like my mother
asking me for a video game console, you know
[Music]